This script helps with comparing the gene counts of selected genes in two sets of files, a set of base files, and a set of mutant files.
The script uses the regulation_analysis_functions.R library, the functions of which are detailed below.


analysis_main:
Analyzes and compares the gene countfiles of base and mutant samples in specified selected genes.
Creates statistics about the variations between base and mutant gene counts.
Receives the following arguments:
"-base [list]" a list of countfiles for base samples. 
"-mutant [list]" a list of countfiles for mutant samples.
"-selected [list]" a list of files containing the genes you wish to compare.
"-disp [value]" a flag indicating which type of dispersion you require. Have value be "per-condition" for base dispersion, otherwise there will be only one variance table.
"-pval [value]" a flag indicating what number is the cutoff point for significance to be used in the ttest. for example, 0.01 will only take those lines whose padj<0.01 for the ttest 
"-out [file]" the name of the file you'd like the output to go to.
The function analyzes and compiles statistics about the countfiles for the specified genes, printing the result into the output file.

getagrs:
Parses the arguments for the script.
Expects to receive arguments in the form as listed above.
Returns a list which is easier to work with.

generateTable:
Loads all countfiles of base and mutant into a table.
Receives a list of base and mutant countfiles, returns a table containing the counts in both.
Base gene counts will have a column name which begins with "base", mutant gene counts will begin with "mutant".

generateCondition:
Creates a condition vector.
Receives the base and mutant file lists, returns a factor which consists of repeating "base" and "mutant" strings according to their corresponding list length.

generateBinomResults:
Normalize counts and calulate fault change and p value for each gene.
Receives the arguments for the script, as they've been parsed by getagrs. Compiles statistics using binom tests.

filterTable:
Filters the count table to contain only the genes in the selected files.
Receives the count table and a single selected file. Returns a new table, containing only genes which exist both in the original table and the given file.

cleanTableFromNA_INF:
Removes NA and INF symboles from the table.
Receives the count table, and removes any invalid symbols.

cleanTableFromP_Value:
Removes lines with insignificant padj values.
Receives the count table and a pval threshhold, and removes any lines that are less significant than said threshhold.
